hello comedy heroes Gervase merchants
and Pilkington you're promoting your
newest podcast we're going to give you
the YouTube quiz okay glad you're on
board we're going to read you a comment
written under one of your YouTube videos
you have to guess which of you it was
written about I'm so in are they not
insulting at all oh really
first up I just want to lick him from
head to toe ice carving car because he
looks like a lollipop but live all these
are left in your duffle coat yeah fuzzy
duffle coat Square tilt ahead look for
the way you go on I I don't think it
matters
it's just my way around to doing things
so when you look around from top to
bottom or top of the NuStar than feet
and then go all the way up I think so
it's awkward talk with a riser why offer
for the person who's being licked sake
what is it's just an odd order to do it
that's all right go ahead one it's not
no no tub to head yeah but if you start
with the toes and Hammer the head he's
getting towed juice on his face start
with his face
luckily clean this basis or lovely just
sit around when you go round of all you
answered Carl
the answer was Carl well done next if
anyone knows a clever or funny a man let
me know if anyone says Ben Elton you can
off clever and funny can only be mean
come
I've no idea Oh Steven it it deserves to
be me buddy go there you all went
different ways but Ricky you were right
when you said Ricky oh that's
preposterous yeah no please it felt
either those didn't hold that wouldn't
be the giveaway with you question three
I would go gay for who well I don't know
it's not me it's definitely not me it's
not I can't stay like that Steve got a
great look in here for that there's a
little game for there's nothing I think
we do they look a big load yeah and he's
um actually honest III appears you had a
one watching this arrow that is watching
this I'm not interested I you just you
just said which way around you liquor
man no I'm not doing the lick in there
doing the licking I don't want to wake
another thing total wet but you haven't
remember that you know just saying if it
had to happen if there was a scenario
that scenario that they don't know
prison a really weird gambling debt
discount on my country I think Steve
Steve you say Steve the answer is Steve
and finally every time I listen to him
speak I laugh so hard I can barely
breathe that's Carl no doubt about it I
think I wrote
go Karl is correct that's four out of
four well done you three and thank you
YouTube I mean I think you should
probably get um the top of the head if
you want to come in
you don't really done I'd say no no go
on no just did you get one thing I don't
know looking over